## ANN Regression model to predict the electrical energy output of a Combined Cycle Power Plant

A combined-cycle power plant is an electrical power plant in which a Gas Turbine (GT) and a Steam Turbine (ST) are used in combination to produce more electrical energy from the same fuel than that would be possible from a single cycle power plant.

The gas turbine compresses air and mixes it with a fuel heated to a very high temperature. The hot air-fuel mixture moves through the blades, making them spin. The fast-spinning gas turbine drives a generator to generate electricity. 

The exhaust (waste) heat escaped through the exhaust stack of the gas turbine is utilized by a Heat Recovery Steam Generator (HSRG) system to produce steam that spins a steam turbine. This steam turbine drives a generator to produce additional electricity. CCCP is assumed to produce 50% more energy than a single power plant.

                                      😃Hit that ⭐ button to show some ❤️

## Data Set Information:
The dataset contains 9568 data points collected from a Combined Cycle Power Plant over 6 years (2006-2011), when the power plant was set to work with full load. Features consist of hourly average ambient variables Temperature (T), Ambient Pressure (AP), Relative Humidity (RH) and Exhaust Vacuum (V) to predict the net hourly electrical energy output (EP) of the plant.
A combined cycle power plant (CCPP) is composed of gas turbines (GT), steam turbines (ST) and heat recovery steam generators. In a CCPP, the electricity is generated by gas and steam turbines, which are combined in one cycle, and is transferred from one turbine to another. While the Vacuum is colected from and has effect on the Steam Turbine, he other three of the ambient variables effect the GT performance.

Attribute Information:
Features consist of hourly average ambient variables

Temperature (T) in the range 1.81°C and 37.11°C,
Ambient Pressure (AP) in the range 992.89-1033.30 milibar,
Relative Humidity (RH) in the range 25.56% to 100.16%
Exhaust Vacuum (V) in teh range 25.36-81.56 cm Hg
Net hourly electrical energy output (EP) 420.26-495.76 MW
The averages are taken from various sensors located around the plant that record the ambient variables every second. The variables are given without normalization.


## Objective:
The objective is to create a data model that predicts the net hourly electrical energy output (EP) of the plant using available hourly average ambient variables.
